vulnerability scanning for startups .

Skip to main content
Microsoft
Microsoft for Startups
Support Blog Founder stories More
All Microsoft

Build the future
Microsoft for Startups Founders Hub helps startups radically accelerate innovation by providing access to industry-leading AI services, expert guidance, and the essential technology needed to build a future-proofed startup.

Open to all—sign up in minutes with no funding required.

Sign up
A person with their arms folded
Microsoft for Startups Founders Hub
Discover a platform that grows with you.

Two people working together at a desk with two monitors
Accelerate innovation with free access to leading AI models
Get up to $150K (USD) to use toward free access to the latest generative AI models, including OpenAI GPT-4.

A person smiling and using a laptop
Ship faster with essential tools and technology
Get the tools and tech your team needs to build with up to $150k (USD) in Azure credits, GitHub, Microsoft 365, LinkedIn Premium, and more.

A person sitting at a desk participating in a Teams video call on a laptop connected to a desktop monitor displaying charts
Unblock barriers with expert guidance
Solve business and technical challenges quickly with unlimited 1:1 meetings with experts from Microsoft.

Gytpol
“No other cloud provider comes close to what Microsoft offers startups.”
Tal Kollender
CEO and Co-Founder, Gytpol

Drive limitless innovation with AI
Get free access to industry-leading AI services, accessible for every startup.

Learn more
Three people smiling and leaning over together
01
Build with AI from day one with up to $150K (USD) in credits to access leading AI models through Azure, including OpenAI GPT-3.5 Turbo and GPT-4, Llama 2 from Meta, and more.

02
Get 1:1 expert advice from Microsoft AI experts, plus content and programming to keep you up to date.

03
Deploy with peace of mind, knowing all deployments are secure and backed by Microsoft’s principles for responsible AI.

“How we differentiate from competitors is by centering our infrastructure around AI.”
Commerce.AI
“We are focused on building and delivering the best experience to our customer—and Microsoft’s outstanding AI tools and infrastructure solve the problems our customers need to address.”
Andy Pandharikar
CEO and Founder, Commerce.AI

Grow your startup with access to expert guidance
Technical advisory and consulting
Access 1:1 technical advisory with expert engineers at any stage to get help across a range of topics, including learning the latest in AI, choosing the right products, optimizing infrastructure, reducing costs, boosting performance, and road mapping.

Learn more
Four people seated around a table with laptops having a meeting
Two people sitting in a lounge having a conversation
Expand your network with 1:1 access to a global team of experts and mentors
Learn from subject matter experts, successful former founders, and venture capitalists from M12 who can provide unlimited 1:1 guidance on topics including industry best practices, scaling your organization, go-to-market strategy, and fundraising.

Learn more
“We’ve been blown away by this level of help, and plan to use it more as we continue to scale our business.”
Chasolves why connecting with experts from the Microsoft network, we’ve been able to gain invaluable insights on our Teams integration, co-selling with Microsoft, fundraising, AI, and more.”
Alex Poe
CEO and Co-Founder, Chambr

Speed up development and conserve runway with essential tools and technology
A person sitting at a desk participating in a Teams video call and viewing architectural designs
Up to $150,000 (USD) in Azure credits
Conserve runway while you build with AI. Credits can be used across Microsoft AI products and include access to a range of models including OpenAI GPT 3.5 Turbo and GPT-4, all backed by the security promise of Azure. Credits are redeemable over time so you have the support you need, when you need it.

Learn more
Two people having a conversation and looking at laptops
Free access to the development tools your team depends on
Startups in Founders Hub get free access to GitHub Enterprise, VS Code, Azure OpenAI Service, and more.

Learn more
A person typing on a Surface device connected to a desktop monitor at their desk
Startup-friendly offers from trusted partners
From development to compliance and security, our startup-friendly offers help you do more with less. Access dev tools like Bubble​, sales and marketing platforms including LinkedIn Premium and LinkedIn Sales Navigator​, and business tools like Stripe Atlas, and so much more.

Learn more
Some microsoft tools icons
Run more efficiently with free access to Microsoft tools and platforms
 
Microsoft Teams |Microsoft 365 | GitHub Enterprise | Visual Studio | Microsoft Azure | Microsoft Dynamics 365 | Microsoft Power Platform
Aisera
“Access to Azure AI services and the broader Microsoft product portfolio give us the ultimate building experience.”
Jyoti Kukreja
Chief of Staff, Aisera

Support throughout the startup lifecycle
As your startup grows, Microsoft for Startups Founders Hub offers specialty programs that can provide additional support at every step of your journey.

Learn more
Two people in a café working on laptops
Why build your startup on Azure?
Some purple colour building cartoon image
Industry-leading AI innovation
Future-proof your startup by accessing Azure’s industry-leading AI infrastructure, that includes large-scale models and easy-to-use APIs, at any stage in your journey.

Azure makes deploying AI easy so you can focus on what matters—your customers.

Hands typing on a laptop displaying lines of code
Integration with the dev tools you love
Azure's integration with GitHub, VS Code, and more means reduced time-to-market with streamlined workflows, automated deployments, and fewer devs required.

We’re open source friendly, too, so you can use the tech you prefer, including Python, Node.js, MySQL, and PostgreSQL.

Three people seated at a long table working on laptops and reading a magazine
An all-in-one platform for SaaS startups
We’re proud to have the longest-running program designed to help startups sell into the enterprise, unmatched by any other cloud.

With enterprise-grade security and compliance features, Azure is a leading choice for startups looking to sell to enterprises in any industry.

Abnormal Security
“We decided that to be a high-growth company selling to the Fortune 1000, it made business sense to partner with Microsoft and to build on Azure.”
Evan Reiser
CEO and Co-Founder, Abnormal Security

Discover the startups we’re helping scale to the next level
Showing 3–4 of 8 items
Skip startups we’re helping scale to the next level
Previous slide
Next slide
Clobotics logo
Deepbrain AI logo
Back to Next and Previous controlsEnd of startups we’re helping scale to the next level section
Take your idea to the next stage with Microsoft for Startups Founders Hub
Leading AI innovation | Azure credits | Development tools | Expert guidance

Sign up today
Follow Microsoft for Startups Follow Microsoft for Startups on Facebook Follow Microsoft for Startups on Twitter Follow Microsoft for Startups on LinkedIn Follow Microsoft for Startups on Youtube Follow Microsoft for Startups on Instagram
What's new
Surface Pro
Surface Laptop
Surface Laptop Studio 2
Surface Laptop Go 3
Microsoft Copilot
AI in Windows
Explore Microsoft products
Windows 11 apps
Microsoft Store
Account profile
Download Center
Microsoft Store support
Returns
Order tracking
Certified Refurbished
Microsoft Store Promise
Flexible Payments
Education
Microsoft in education
Devices for education
Microsoft Teams for Education
Microsoft 365 Education
How to buy for your school
Educator training and development
Deals for students and parents
Azure for students
Business
Microsoft Cloud
Microsoft Security
Dynamics 365
Microsoft 365
Microsoft Power Platform
Microsoft Teams
Copilot for Microsoft 365
Small Business
Developer & IT
Azure
Developer Center
Documentation
Microsoft Learn
Microsoft Tech Community
Azure Marketplace
AppSource
Visual Studio
Company
Careers
About Microsoft
Company news
Privacy at Microsoft
Investors
Diversity and inclusion
Accessibility
Sustainability
English (United States)
Your Privacy Choices
Consumer Health Privacy
Sitemap Contact Microsoft Privacy Terms of use Trademarks Safety & eco Recycling About our ads © Microsoft 2024
